-: Welcome back.
In this step we are going to create MySQL database
with all above manifests, whatever we have created, right?
So we are going to create it
and then verify the storage class, PVC, PV, pods
and then also list the pods.
And then connect to our respective MySQL database
and then see the schemas.
Okay?
So let's go ahead and then do that now.
So we are in our respective folder,
which is nothing but a 0402 SCP SV config map MySQL, okay?
So Kubectl apply hyphen "f" cube manifest.
So whatever the manifest is under that
it is going to create it.
If any issues, it is going to throw the error
and then we are going to know about it.
So we know that under the cluster IP service,
we have a validation error.
I didn't provide Cluster, C L U S E R.
I didn't provide that "T" here. Okay?
So let's go there and then fix that, okay?
So cluster IP, right?
So that's good.
So now let's try one more time.
So it should get created and the service also got created.
So now if you see the,
get PVC persistent volume claim.
So now it is bound, you can see, right?
So earlier it is in pending state
whenever we have directly created them.
And then no, MySQL pod got created.
So now we'll see PV,
which is nothing but persistent volume got created
and then it's in use.
Okay? It's bound.
Okay? So this is the persistent volume, it got created.
So now let's go back and then see the pods.
Right?
So our MySQL pod is running.
Okay? So that's about it.
So if you want to,
find it with the respective label,
means like app is equal to MySQL
so you can do like this, okay?
Hyphen "l" app is equal to MySQL
Even you can list using MySQL pods.
That's all, okay?
So how to use labels, this is a just simple command.
So now we'll move on to connect to this MySQL
and then see what happens.
Okay?
So let's use the command Kubectl run
and then use the interactive terminal IT
and then delete this pod whenever it has been exited.
And then we are going to use image, right?
MySQL 5.6 for our client also, restart never.
And then MySQL client
and then MySQL hyphen host is MySQL only.
Why? Because whatever is running is
a MySQL service only, right?
And the password is DV password, 114 for our route password.
Okay, so let's run this and then see what happens.
Okay?
So, right.
So we should get the MySQL terminal, ideally.
So let's see.
It's taking a little bit of time.
If you don't... Yeah, we got it, okay?
So now if I say show schemas,
so I should have,
in addition to default schemas, user MGMT schema.
So it got created.
So whatever we have defined in our config map under data,
the MySQL underscore user MGMT dot SQL got executed
and it also created the user MGMT schema.
So with this we have completed
the creation of our entire section,
which is creating a storage class,
creating a persistent volume claim
and then using the dynamic provisioning.
And we have created the config map.
And then we have also created the deployment for MySQL
and also the cluster IP service for MySQL, okay?
So if you want to see, we can even see.
So I can exit from this.
So I'll say quit.
And my container, my pod got terminated.
Okay, MySQL client pod got terminated.
So good.
So if I say Kubectl get pods
and I should have only one pod now, yeah.
And then I should see SVC which is our cluster IP service.
So that's good.
Okay, so now this is about entire stuff.
In our next lecture,
we'll discuss little bit about the references section.
And then we'll close this entire 0402 section
And then we'll move on to user management service.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye. Thank you.